I think my turf - is the best because
after g3 if I once a week in my kingside
he can play nicely if I Knight takes e4
so something like this and then you
always have to deal with this so I
decided to allow it it's very difficult
to give an instant evaluation because
they're at the board it was very
difficult to play simply there are too
many resources for both sides and I
think we'll have to go back and check
this I think he I think nitrogen is a
mistake because I want to do this anyway
on stage - perspective shift most
ceremony it's the toast of rehearsal of
party but that's somehow the beauty of
this position that even when you lose
the pair of moves White's Center is now
a bit more loose so anyway black has
some counter play I could not quite
eerie musical killed temp of teramo
he sneaked contortion so churn of
bituminous Casals and there just there's
too much to give you an instant opinion
for instance Queen h4 here we were
speaking about the end of the game and
so on but anyway here I started to get
excited I'm not even sure root K 3 is
correct because the whole thing is based
on a bad plan
this is the moon and so I see since I
went through k3 Knight f6 and then I got
excited because I thought this is very
strong a rotation Buddha wooden
slash restarts it but the Muslim
sentiments we proceed to move these
compact mm and here I saw rook c5 before
and if he goes night f d7 rock c3 and
then much too late I noticed f5 and I
think my problem was simply I kept
missing that if EF please check
somewhere anyway so once I got here I
didn't see any way out
apparently Daniel a mucho deposit sue on
the nation new video tomorrow to see the
GOP right now English and I noticed that
I still focus rogue so I should probably
get away with this line but it's a neat
amount someone was not really keen on
maybe I missed something else and so I
just decided to thanking f1 something
yeah yeah but I didn't and then it's too
late I mean I can come back to d4 but I
just lost to Tempe so if I come here
it's the most ridiculous set of moves
are made his route goes up be eighties
night 187 now I place them on c8 and d7
so having done this I had no way back
and I had to take the draw but
accidentally missed some of swab above
the TiVo it was thought the katusha
presented its initial interesting game
no the wooden but the most vicious -
from Zagreb international party
into a pasta used
I'm asking you too much Kings
interesting opening on like I'm like
this night sees well the whole plane
maybe with Roque 3 but knight c6 Knight
a5 I thought was much stronger than it
was I simply missed this counter play
with the f5 or rather that if he for
every three I'm not in time with might
see four d6 so I just missed something
there well look at this position ok the
position of the move 28 I have a knight
on d4 he has an item hit 7 and a rock on
b8 I literally place this night on d7
and is broken c8 so unless there is a
point I mean here there are many ideas
for White Knight g4 h4 I mean them I
think it's I liked White's position I
don't know if it's better objectively
better but I liked White's position and
I just blew it on those things
you